{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14140\viewh14860\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0

\b \qc Counters Example
\b0\
\
\b \qc Introduction
\b0\



\ql  This example gamebook shows how to use counters. \
\
\b Turn to 1 to begin.
\b0\
\
\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s1}1{\*\bkmkend s1}
\b0\
\ql  This is where the gamebook starts. We have counters for Life Points and for Gold. You start the adventure with 10 Life Points and 12 Gold. You can never have less than 0 Gold. FIXME need to figure out best syntax for death when life points go below 1. Go to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s9 \\h }{\fldrslt 9}}
\b0
 to get more Gold or \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s8 \\h }{\fldrslt 8}}
\b0
 to lose some Life Points. Go to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s3 \\h }{\fldrslt 3}}
\b0
 for testing the init value markup.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s2}2{\*\bkmkend s2}
\b0\
\ql  OK, we increase that something counter by 1 here, and also increase the other counter by 1. You can go back to see the difference between set and init \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s3 \\h }{\fldrslt here}}
\b0

, stuck in an infinite loop. \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s3}3{\*\bkmkend s3}
\b0\
\ql  The Something Counter starts at 5, but when you come back here it will not reset to that, unlike the Other Counter that will reset to 5 every time you get here. If we try to init gold to 999 nothing will happen because it was already set to something before you came yere. Go on to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s2 \\h }{\fldrslt 2}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s4}4{\*\bkmkend s4}
\b0\
\ql  Less than 1 Life Point means the adventure ends now.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s5}5{\*\bkmkend s5}
\b0\
\ql  You have at least 16 gold. Go back to get some more at \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s9 \\h }{\fldrslt 9}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s6}6{\*\bkmkend s6}
\b0\
\ql  You have more than 16 Gold. How nice. Go back to get some more at \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s9 \\h }{\fldrslt 9}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s7}7{\*\bkmkend s7}
\b0\
\ql  You drop 5 Gold. It should not be possible to go below 0. Then go on to get gold at \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s9 \\h }{\fldrslt 9}}
\b0
 or lose life at \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s8 \\h }{\fldrslt 8}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s8}8{\*\bkmkend s8}
\b0\
\ql  You lose 1 Life Points. You can go to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s9 \\h }{\fldrslt 9}}
\b0
 to get some Gold.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s9}9{\*\bkmkend s9}
\b0\
\ql  Congratulations, you found 2 Gold. If you have less than 1 Life Points, turn to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s4 \\h }{\fldrslt 4}}
\b0
. You can go to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s8 \\h }{\fldrslt 8}}
\b0
 to lose some life or to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s7 \\h }{\fldrslt 7}}
\b0
 to drop some gold. If you have at least 16 Gold you can turn to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s5 \\h }{\fldrslt 5}}
\b0
. If you have even more than 16 Gold you can turn to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s6 \\h }{\fldrslt 6}}
\b0
.  \
\

}
