{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14140\viewh14860\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0

\b \qc Format
\b0\
\
\b \qc Introduction
\b0\



\ql  Adding an introduction to the gamebook here. This will create a section, but it will not be shuffled nor numbered with the gamebook sections below.  \
\
\
\b \qc Another Heading
\b0\



\ql  This starts another non-shuffled section.  (A footnote in Another Heading.)
  \
\
\b Adventure begins in section 1.
\b0\
\
\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s1}1{\*\bkmkend s1}
\b0\
\ql  This examples tests gamebook formatting, not so much game mechanics or references. Currently there is nothing here really. This section contains some tricky characters to quote, like \} and \{ and " and ' and \\. HTML will probably not like <div> or &boom;. You can make named references \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s6 \\h }{\fldrslt like this}}
\b0

 (just happens to be exactly the same syntax as in emacs org-mode btw). This book also includes a \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s4 \\h }{\fldrslt format-specific section}}
\b0

. There should be an image below as well. If something broke, turn to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s2 \\h }{\fldrslt 2}}
\b0
, otherwise turn to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s3 \\h }{\fldrslt 3}}
\b0
. (Good footnote.)
 
  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s2}2{\*\bkmkend s2}
\b0\
\ql  Bad. \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s3}3{\*\bkmkend s3}
\b0\
\ql  Good!  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s4}4{\*\bkmkend s4}
\b0\
\ql  This is the format-specific section for no other formats. Now you \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s2 \\h }{\fldrslt lose}}
\b0

.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s5}5{\*\bkmkend s5}
\b0\
\ql  Very good. \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s3 \\h }{\fldrslt You win}}
\b0

. (Win footnote.)
  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s6}6{\*\bkmkend s6}
\b0\
\ql  This is where you should end up when you follow the named reference from the starting section. From here you can go to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s5 \\h }{\fldrslt the second named section}}
\b0

 or to the \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s3 \\h }{\fldrslt good end}}
\b0

.  \
\

}
