{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14140\viewh14860\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0

\b \qc Items
\b0\
\b Turn to 1 to begin.
\b0\
\
\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s1}1{\*\bkmkend s1}
\b0\
\ql  Demonstrating how to manage player Inventory. You start the book carrying a sword and a shield. Turn to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s12 \\h }{\fldrslt 12}}
\b0
 or go to the autotest at \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s2 \\h }{\fldrslt 2}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s2}2{\*\bkmkend s2}
\b0\
\ql  If you have the stick then you must turn immediately to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s12 \\h }{\fldrslt 12}}
\b0
, and everything else in this section is ignored. You find a book here. If you have the sword you must turn immediately to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s5 \\h }{\fldrslt 5}}
\b0
, again ignoring everything that follows. You drop the something valuable here if you have it, then go on to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s7 \\h }{\fldrslt 7}}
\b0
. \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s3}3{\*\bkmkend s3}
\b0\
\ql  Congratulations, you won. \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s4}4{\*\bkmkend s4}
\b0\
\ql  OK. That was fun. Turn to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s3 \\h }{\fldrslt 3}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s5}5{\*\bkmkend s5}
\b0\
\ql  There is a rope here that can be cut using a sword. If you have one and want to do that, see \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s4 \\h }{\fldrslt 4}}
\b0
. You can also run to the autotest at \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s2 \\h }{\fldrslt 2}}
\b0
. Otherwise turn to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s3 \\h }{\fldrslt 3}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s6}6{\*\bkmkend s6}
\b0\
\ql  You found something valuable, but there is no way forward, so you head back to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s12 \\h }{\fldrslt 12}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s7}7{\*\bkmkend s7}
\b0\
\ql  A magic portal ahead will only allow you to pass if you did not pick up the cursed bracelet, leading you to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s6 \\h }{\fldrslt 6}}
\b0
. If you have the cursed bracelet you have to go back to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s12 \\h }{\fldrslt 12}}
\b0
 instead. Actually feel free to head back to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s12 \\h }{\fldrslt 12}}
\b0
 either way.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s8}8{\*\bkmkend s8}
\b0\
\ql  OK stick dropped. Turn back to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s12 \\h }{\fldrslt 12}}
\b0
 to confirm stick can not be picked up again even if the text says it is there (books work that way, although ideally this dynamic version should provide some hints that it is no longer there).  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s9}9{\*\bkmkend s9}
\b0\
\ql  There is a cursed bracelet here. You can go on to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s7 \\h }{\fldrslt 7}}
\b0
 or go back to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s12 \\h }{\fldrslt 12}}
\b0
. You can also drop the stick for no particular reason if you have it, see \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s8 \\h }{\fldrslt 8}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s10}10{\*\bkmkend s10}
\b0\
\ql  OK. The door is broken, but so is the sword. Turn to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s5 \\h }{\fldrslt 5}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s11}11{\*\bkmkend s11}
\b0\
\ql  There is a locked door here. If you have a key you can use that to open the door, see \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s5 \\h }{\fldrslt 5}}
\b0
. Being right before the link should be enough for the formatter to figure out that the key is required to be allowed to follow the link. Else you can try to open with the sword, if you have it, see \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s10 \\h }{\fldrslt 10}}
\b0
. Hopefully the magic is good enough to pair pre-conditions to links, or more markup must be added later. You could also try to go back to pick up the key, see \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s12 \\h }{\fldrslt 12}}
\b0
.  \
\

\b \qc {\*\bkmkstart s12}12{\*\bkmkend s12}
\b0\
\ql  You have reached a t-junction. Here you find a key and a stick. You can go west to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s11 \\h }{\fldrslt 11}}
\b0
, or east to \b {\field{\*\fldinst  REF s9 \\h }{\fldrslt 9}}
\b0
.  \
\

}
